License:

    keyCombo - extends jQuery to give simpler key combo functionality
    Copyright (C) 2010  Matthew Copperwaite

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Documentation:

The idea behind this is that it is a more natural language implementation than
the jQuery .bind() function. With this plugin you merely need to think of the
buttons you want to assign, type it in and the function is needs to perform
and you're done. Essentially brainless. There are some caveats, most browsers
for example, may not let you over-ride alt+f. You could also, if you wanted,
get the entire alphabet to trigger a function. However, just because you can
do it, doesn't mean you should.

Anyway, with this plugin you have a pretty extensible tool that would allow
you to create a Web based OS and applications much more easily. A new
application could automatically register it's shortcut keys on load with just
a couple of lines of code.

The best way to learn how to use the code is to read the example.html file,
but if you want specifics: there are current two agruments to the main
function: 'combo' and 'triggerFunction'.

combo [String]
This is a human readable string containing a list of keys by their name
separated by the + character. Common key names are supported and even work
with spaces in the key name. It is best to read the code for the list of
currently supported key names, but there is also a list here:

	o backspace
	o tab
	o enter
	o shift
	o ctrl
	o alt
	o pause
	o caps
	o esc
	o pageup
	o pagedown
	o end
	o home
	o left
	o up
	o right
	o down
	o insert
	o delete
	o Functions keys (f1-12)

triggerFunction [Object(function)]
This is an object that contains or links to the function you want to run when
the key combo is pressed. Nothing is passed to that function so what you
trigger cannot be dependant upon what buttons are pressed.

Example usage:

	$.keyCombo('ctrl+shift+g', function (){
		$('#messages').html('You pressed ctrl+shift+g');
	});

	$.keyCombo('shift+f', function (){
		alert('You pressed shift+f');
	});


These two functions state that you want to add the key combinations
ctrl+shift+g and shift+f to keyCombo and assign functions that use jQuery to
write to an element in the html which has an id of 'messages'. You could use
almost any key combination and any function, your limit is your imagination.

Contact:
e-mail:		mattcopp@gmail.com
twitter:	http://twitter.com/mattcopp
identi.ca:	http://identi.ca/yamatt
website:	http://localhosy.net
dev-wiki:	http://dev.localhosy.net
